Updates to test cases based on RHOAM v1.5.0 testing (#1733)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/tests/installation/a30-validate-installation-of-rhoam-addon-and-integration-with-ld.md

2. Go to OpenShift console and select `redhat-rhoam-operator` namespace
3. Go to Workloads -> Secrets
   > Verify that `redhat-rhoam-deadmanssnitch`, `redhat-rhoam-pagerduty` and `redhat-rhoam-smtp` are present

> 4. Note your cluster ID, view it by running `ocm cluster list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Note your cluster ID, view it by running `ocm get clusters --parameter search="display_name like 'test-ldap-idp'" | jq -r '.items[0].id'`
```
